CIT 114 Final Project for Manuel Regala
---------------------------------------

A URL to the index.html page within S3 bucket.
http://manuel.regala.cit114.finalproject.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/

Knowledge Questions

1. What are the advantages of cloud computing over on-premises?
     - Lowers cost: Less need of IT staff, no hardware or physical infrastructure for hard ware so little to no maintanence cost, providers charge on a pay as 
       you and per-user basis.
     - More secure: Cloud services invest a lot in the protection and integirty of data. Less need for on-premises staff to need to keep up to date on security 
       and encryption.
     - Accessing data anytime: Being able to work away from the office when needed or just the abliity to keep up to date.
     
2. Given setup instructions above, give examples of three different businesses that might begin with this setup.

     Realtor:
     EC2 - Run website
     VPC - Connect to other employees
     RDS - Store data on homes, buyers and sellers
     
     Restuarant:
     EC2 - Run website and online orders
     VPC - Communication with main office/other franchises
     RDS - Track inventory, sales and deliveries

     Airline:
     EC2 - Run website and ticket sales
     VPC - Connection between main office and employees at airports
     RDS - Track flight availablility and sales
     
3. If we wanted to keep a close eye on how much the services were costing, which AWS service would we make use of?
     Amazon CloudWatch

4. We need to choose a support plan for the system we set up. What are four different support plans offered by AWS?
     Developer
     Business
     Enterprise On-Ramp
     Enterprise

5. How many hours of service does the free-tier of EC2 provide during a billing cycle?
     750 hours usage of Linux (any combination of t1.micro, t2.micro, and t3.micro instances), plus 750 hours usage of Windows (any combination of t1.micro, t2.micro, 
     and t3.micro instances) for each month for the first 12 months.

6. What is the minimum size subnet you can have in an Amazon VPC?
     /16

7. What is the maximum size IP address range you can have in an Amazon VPC?
     Between /16 and /28

8. Which Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) feature would ensure our instances will not share a physical host with instances from any other AWS Customer?
     EC2 Dedicated Instances

9. Let's say our storage requirement allows for a delayed retrieval of data (ie. medical records from ex-patients). Which S3 feature should we choose?
     Amazon S3 Glacier

10. List and briefly describe the four basic database commands.
     SELECT: To query data in the database
     INSERT: To insert data into a table
     UPDATE: To updata data in a table
     DELETE: To delete data from a table
